we have found 10 home remedies which
will help you lose your stubborn belly
fat without exercise easily yes we won't
make you workout because we know many of
us just don't have time for it
so would you like to lose a few fat
pounds without exercising liked this
video so that we know and pay attention
to what we are about to share with you
number 10 drink flat tummy lemon water
as its name suggests flat tummy water is
of great help in making your tummy flat
there can be many kinds of it because it
is naturally infused water we all know
that it is healthy to drink eight
glasses of water a day and it is a much
better and healthier drink than any
juice to spice it up you can choose one
ingredient to add to your water we
recommend you to try adding lemon to it
lemon juice and pulp are rich in vitamin
C pectin fiber and citric acid vitamin C
sounds like the most familiar thing on
the list but the other two things are
good for you as well lemon can help you
speed up the fat burning process and
lose weight faster pectin fiber and it
gives you the feeling of fullness so you
will have fewer cravings to eat
something for a while making that flat
tummy lemon drink is super easy all you
have to do is squeeze half a lemon into
a glass of water start your day with
this drink and you will flush your body
clean of toxins and help your liver work
more effectively 9 choose cranberry
juice over soda what is your favorite
refreshing drink did we hear you say
soda consider a diet change cranberry
juice tastes just as good if not better
and is a much healthier choice it is a
good source of vitamin C minerals
antioxidants and organic acid which is a
digestive enzyme if you buy it from a
store you will notice many brands of
cranberry juice contain sugar you should
try to avoid them you can try making
your own cranberry sugar free drink
cranberries might be a seasonal fruit
but you can still find them at stores in
frozen form anytime of the year the
transition to this sugar-free drink
might be hard for those who can't live
without soda but it is
because health manners and a flat tummy
looks great eight add chia seeds to your
diet how often do you add chia seeds to
your meals
if the answer is regularly it means
you're doing the right thing chia seeds
are a great source of antioxidants fiber
protein and omega-3 fatty acids all this
makes them a great ally at losing weight
if you don't use chia seeds in your
meals it is a good time to start doing
so we'll teach you how first of all it
is important not to eat the seeds dry
only use the hydrating ones then how can
you integrate them into your diet try
doing it with the most important meal of
the day breakfast a fiber rich breakfast
will do your body much good so try
adding a spoonful of chia seeds to your
oatmeal as you cook it or add it to your
smoothie chia pancakes made of egg
whites banana puree and chia seeds are
also very yummy and healthy if you
prefer scrambled eggs chia seeds will go
well with them too 7 spice up your diet
with ginger tea ginger tea seems to be
too spicy for maybe you are just cooking
it wrong and adding too much ginger the
right amount of it however is a healthy
must ginger burns fat makes you feel
full and brings down your appetite
because it regulates blood sugar sounds
impressive right so try it yourself
brewing some healthy ginger tea is
simple you're going to need two inches
ginger root 4 cups filtered water 2
tablespoons of organic lemon juice and 1
to 2 teaspoons of honey you chop the
ginger root and add it to freshly boiled
water let it stir for five minutes
covered with a lid wait for it to cool
down a bit and add the remaining
ingredients lemon juice and honey these
to benefit your health in their own ways
you can serve this drink hot or cold
taking it regularly will help you
advance on your way to a flat belly 6
sip green tea to lose belly fat green
tea is much more than just hot water
with a flavor it is a powerful
detoxifier perhaps you didn't know that
it has caffeine in it yes just like
coffee caffeine is known for its
fat-burning powers when it is consumed
in reasonable amounts
but the best green tea has its
antioxidants called cabouchins so it
makes your skin glow and your fat burned
both during exercise and rest brew
yourself a cup right now I've experiment
with dandelion tea dandelion yes that
cute little flower turns out to help in
weight loss in de Lyonne tea is becoming
a more and more popular drink these days
because people find out about its
medicinal properties and they want it
you can use either the leaves or the
roots of dandelion to make healthy tea
infuse dandelion leaves help to improve
the digestive process and contribute to
weight loss C that must be first broken
down to burn drinking dandelion tea
helps to break down fat easily the
energy release thanks to that break down
contributes to your stamina and you can
lose weight a faster rate and it also
does that make you feel full trick so
you will want to eat less after drinking
it we made it to our top 4 do you want
to try any of the remedies we recommend
it so far then like this video and share
which of them you want to try out in the
comments keep watching till the end to
find out what is the miracle food when
it comes to fat burning and one
important secret that is true for all
remedies number four don't underestimate
the power of cayenne peppers have you
ever noticed what effect eating a spicy
pepper has on you yes it is hard to
ignore your body temperature rises and
it goes into cooldown mode as a result
it burns calories faster it also
increases your metabolism if you crush
cayenne pepper and ginger together you
will get a powerful fat-burning mix take
it with your meals every day a sunny
carried out in 2014 is shown it helps to
make people feel more full and so they
had fewer cravings 3 add coconut oil to
your diet
coconut oil smells like heaven and is a
superhero when it comes to fat burning
it has a unique combination of fatty
acids in it which is great for your
metabolism coconut oil in your diet
helps you lose abdominal fat that very
bad fat which stays around your organs
and can cause serious trouble like
diabetes and heart disease
getting rid of it will do you much good
and yes it will help you get rid of
stubborn fat around the buttocks waist
and thighs organic refined coconut oil
should become your best friend when it
comes to sauteing stir frying and baking
virgin or extra virgin oil has a strong
coconut flavor to use cinnamon cinnamon
has its own ways of helping you lose fat
it is great at controlling blood sugar
levels in your body it also speeds up
your metabolism and helps your body use
carbohydrates which would otherwise turn
into excess fat so have it every day
when you can hand it to yogurt or
cottage spice up your smoothie or your
oatmeal for a healthy breakfast or take
a cinnamon capsule before you eat again
it will help you control your appetite 1
use garlic to lose belly fat we made it
to the top of our list meat garlic okay
you have most likely met it before but
you might know it is a miracle food when
it comes to burning fat it suppresses
appetite and sends full signals to your
brain it increases metabolism by
stimulating your nervous system to
release the hormone of adrenaline it
prevents fat from accumulating in your
body you are still unsure if you should
have it because of the stinking smell
don't doubt it
the effect will be worth it to 3 to 4
cloves of raw garlic in the morning and
then have some lemon water remember all
these remedies will also work as an
addition to your workout plan so we
don't encourage you to leave the gym
forever but showing you what you can
work even without it finally a very
important thing to remember is that
there is one thing which can ruin it all
so you should avoid it that is not
eating hamburgers every day even though
it's bad - that is stress when you worry
a lot about being too fat or not seeing
any effect of your new diet plan your
body produces stress hormones they
affect your digestive system and bam it
leads to bloating a stressed body also
produces cortisol which adds a fatty
layer to your belly so sleep at least 7
hours everyday
don't use smoking as a stress reliever
and do the things you enjoy you will
love the results
we hope you found this video useful if
so give it a thumbs up if he gets 50,000
likes we are going to make another one
sharing fat losing secrets subscribe to
our channel not to miss our updates
[Music]